Improve docs for older React Aria hooks (#3265)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-aria/meter/docs/useMeter.mdx

<Meter
  label="Storage space"
  value={25} />
```

## Usage

The following examples show how to use the `Meter` component created in the above example.

### Custom value scale

> By default, the `value` prop represents the current percentage of progress, as the minimum and maximum values default to 0 and 100, respectively. Alternatively, a different scale can be used by setting the `minValue` and m`axValue` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `value` prop represents the current percentage of progress, as the minimum and maximum values default to 0 and 100, respectively. Alternatively, a different scale can be used by setting the `minValue` and `maxValue` props.
```
